Banking - Business Analytics Int Analyst - Officer

Apply (opens in new window)
Save
Job Req Id:
26979479
Location(s):
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Job Type:
On-Site/Resident
Posted:
Jul. 24, 2026
Discover your future at Citi
Working at Citi is far more than just a job. A career with us means joining a team of approximately 219,000 dedicated people from around the globe. At Citi, you’ll have the opportunity to grow your career, give back to your community and make a real impact.

Job Overview
Banking IGS: Business Execution Team, Mumbai

Business Execution team is primarily involved in assisting Business Managers with –
Perform analysis to help the Business Manager and Senior Management Team to plan and strategize effectively.
Responsible for running and analyzing internal business metrics data (client revenue, returns, backlog management, client calling, exposure, risk capital, etc.) and wallet analysis.
Supporting various franchise initiatives and internal strategy presentations
Client Coverage / Attribute changes with CIS and Toolbox team
Role Outline/Job Summary

Support the Business Manager in the day-to-day running of respective franchise units with a focus on conducting analysis and research which will inform strategic decisions.
Participate in planning, execution and follow ups of Management disciplines including franchise reviews, client planning, and project specific items.
Communication with bankers, Business Managers and product partners on business metrics, including client prioritization, coverage, revenue, returns, pipeline.
Preparing reports and presentations on franchise performance for presentation to senior management, focusing on revenue and backlog analysis, as well as calling intensity Analysis around budgeting by client and by product, and reviews of the target market
Conducting revenue analysis – including investigations in case of missing or incorrect booking of revenues and work with partnering teams and product partners to ensure that revenues are properly recorded.
Analysis around wallet data and tracking Wallet Ranking and Market Share, including querying wallet data where discrepancies with Citi’s internal system are found.
Various reporting and analyses related to various metrics, such as Revenues, Wallet, Outstanding and Unused Commitment (OSUC); GAAP Assets; Return on Risk Capital (RORC); Risk Weighted Assets (RWA); ROTCE; which helps senior management to run the franchise
Add value to routine deliverables through self-analysis and by providing additional commentary.
Support and mentor junior team members while creating a constructive learning environment by sharing knowledge and experiences.
Step-up and support seniors with planning and execution of complex projects and team initiatives
Skills:

Excel / PPT: Should be equipped with solid /advanced excel functionalities.
Effective communication skills – both written and verbal
Should be inquisitive, proactive and show excellent attention to detail.
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Strong team player skills
Must be able to work well under pressure and to prioritize workload in order to deliver results to tight deadlines.
Ability to manage confidential data.
Good understanding of Financial Concepts
Expertise in Tableau, VBA Macros, SQL is added plus
------------------------------------------------------

Job Family Group:

Decision Management
------------------------------------------------------

Job Family:

Business Analysis
------------------------------------------------------

Time Type:

Full time
------------------------------------------------------

Most Relevant Skills

Please see the requirements listed above.
------------------------------------------------------

Other Relevant Skills

For complementary skills, please see above and/or contact the recruiter.
------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity employer, and qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi( opens in new window).

View Citi’s EEO Policy Statement( opens in new window) and the Know Your Rights( opens in new window) poster.